Add release notes for v1.2.0 and v1.2.2 (#59)
MicrosoftDocs/playfab-docs: playfab-docs/features/multiplayer/networking/release-notes.md

PlayFab Party is available on [Nuget.org](https://www.nuget.org/profiles/PlayFab)!

> PlayFab Party is available on [GitHub.com](https://github.com/PlayFab/PlayFabParty/releases)

Author: ```suggestion
PlayFab Party for Android and iOS are available on [GitHub.com](https://github.com/PlayFab/PlayFabParty/releases)
```
